PR template: add signed-off-by checkbox (#638)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: .github/pull_request_template.md

Fixes # - _issue number(s) if exists_

> - [ ] - I added signed-off-by comment to the changes _(see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneTBB/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests) for details)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] - git commit message contains appropriate signed-off-by string _(see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneTBB/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests) for details)_
```
